Remote access for custom files/webpages [ID_38426] (#2527)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: release-notes/Cloud/DCP_change_log.md

The dataminer.services platform gets updated continuously. This change log can help you trace when specific features and changes have become available.

#### 12 January 2024 - New Feature - Remote access for custom files/webpages [ID_38426]

> It is now possible to remote access files or webpages hosted in the following C:\Skyline DataMiner\Webpages\public\ via dataminer.services.

Reviewer: OK to rephrase this like this?
```suggestion
It is now possible to provide remote access via dataminer.services to files or webpages hosted in the folder `C:\Skyline DataMiner\Webpages\public\` of a DMA.
```
